so Irish ball here is the big freshman e
/ Kovac in his first shot gets past
Wardwell Notre Dame takes the
one-nothing lead with 13 17 to go here
the first quarter cook sliding from oh
herro in his area feeds the crease
caught by colosso Eddie scores Nicky
colosso tight space on the crease in or
even it won't Bryce runs the right goal
line feeds the crease cutting a colossal
and we are tied rice took a loss 0 times
to today already or even at three see if
Chris danio can't continue what has
become domination here yeah I faceoffs
five out of six face off as a clean
start daddy-o mucked it up a little bit
ball loose and scooped up on the orange
Fuhrman got it ahead here's Tom rim
charging the middle feet slips not so
far and the orange have their first
video Randy Stotts in transition off the
faceoff at Syracuse at front four to
three to two bowl games now 32 goal
games including today this season your
stocks wide open down the right aisle he
steps to the middle died out of the
ground that how did he score lat over
the shoulder of Connor Kelly recognize
it and got it up rice from behind spins
right he shoots at school just stuck it
in the left pipe it even kinked off in a
little bit than Syracuse a 6-3 lead
clean start this time osela wins at 42
himself he's already scored one like
this drives down the middle feeds off
this time toilet don't rock it at home
the Irish right off the faceoff and
they're back with it too cuts it down to
the crease right side Cavanaugh lost
angle feeds inside foul uma wiki walked
in all alone and scores the Irish
convert on the man up yet again another
one goal game Kevin a lefty cradle pops
goal line near sideline rice bumped off
his mark by O'Hara feeds a cutter it
smells quick stick and a goal Derek
Maltz appeared on the crease of the
orange have the lead back to to Oregon
wheeling around 15 yards passes right
Cavanaugh gotta step inside fakes to the
middle of these scores Matt Cavanaugh
gets his first goal against the orange
this year at its 76 Syracuse on 20
seconds to go here in the half as Doyle
flips near-silent berkovic wide sky
the big freshman ties the game at seven
quick passing near side of the box rice
feeds the high crease Donahue's wins and
attend yarder finds the back of the net
first goal today for Dillon at Syracuse
back in front 827 marlatt down the left
Ali tried to free the left hand took an
awkward shot that just flew to Conor
Doyle behind he caught it with his
midsection I've also been landing on the
crease with westie Hopkins then he
scores that just popped out add oil
almost by accident in the West eat ties
it up at a Notre Dame's got it with a
man upcoming Cavanaugh wheels to the
middle he'll get a shot off and wipe off
that man up cuz Kevin off as stone with
his second Notre Dame he takes the lead
928 that's passing to Marla to give it
go right down the alley got it from
Cavanaugh and the Irish suddenly have a
three goal lead top of the box here's
Jim mar walk right in the middle feeds
the high crease twisting turning and
scoring his cutter Doyle just like Dylan
Donohue did at the other end Notre Dame
now as a four goal lead marlatt 15 yards
the middle shoot from there he ripped it
home and the Irish have a five goal lead
orange though came back with it here
starts cranking from the Alpha headed
right to the upper right corner that was
precise they aren't finally back on the
board the joe calling for tangled out
right flips it off now outside shot by a
datsun that is the one they are needed
for goals for Randy starts in the orange
back with a shout in distance down now
for as to the high crease from boy is
dropped was not accurate from Donahue
the Irish have it off another orange
turn over near in transition into the
box near driving toward the cage he'll
shoot and score and the Irish
the way lead again Python yes sir you've
got to make something here happen here
quick Brian I mean you know to try and
score 3 goals and like you know a minute
and like they did the other day is very
tough to do the law so for cutting ward
right through traffic and he scored but
now we got to stick through there but
Billy Ward's on the board Jack nears got
it Irish transition near spies toil wide
open and a save by Lamola Nora whoa past
the crease cutting in behind the door
Derek bolts got it from rice to the
hordes back within three back behind
here's rice or the grown from the crowd
to the crease tots quick stick oh whoa
rice to Stotts that's been the combo all
day in the harp Ridge down just to
behind the cage popping out his dada you
closing on two minutes to go hards down
to alloys show out is there from
Schoonmaker into the net and Syracuse's
ripped off four straight to get within
one car cavities degrees wide open
Hopkins faking Lamola Nora has saved the
game on the crease we're down to 10 the
cardiac user at it again here's rice
behind the cage at six at five he shoots
to the save Connor Kelly secures the ACC
title for Notre Dame must same in the
final drive
and the irish wooded today 1514 and his
spectacular game in Philadelphia